Growth team: Q1 2022 OKRs and team page update (#4800)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/small-teams/growth/index.mdx

## Mission

> The most people possible can get value out of PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximize the number of people who get value out of PostHog, and help them realize and leverage all the value we offer.
```

Just flesh this out a bit.

## What the Growth team does

- Sign up
- Activation and reducing time to value
- Billing and pricing changes

> - Product led growth, including all messaging, emailing and notifications

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should be responsible for _all_ messaging... Maybe...

```suggestion
- Product led growth, including messaging, emailing and notifications as they relate to the above areas of responsibility
```

Reviewer 2: I would just remove the `all`

## Q1 2023 objectives

- **Objective 1**: Feel confident in our definitions and metrics for all our areas of responsibility
  - Reasoning: So that we know we are looking at the right things and can prioritize future work
  - **KR**: 1 dashboard with 1 insight for each area of responsibility
  - **KR**: 1 dashboard for each area of responsibility, and insights that describe the entire flow
- **Objective 2**: Improve conversion to paid

>   - Reasoning: This metric encompasses everything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Reasoning: This metric directly impacts our company performance, and it encompasses many things downstream (eg. activation, billing conversion, etc).
```
